feat: [REL-13052] add IP allowlist config and entry resources (#411)
launchdarkly/terraform-provider-launchdarkly: docs/resources/ip_allowlist_config.md

---
page_title: "launchdarkly_ip_allowlist_config Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly IP allowlist configuration resource.
  This resource allows you to manage the IP allowlist configuration for your LaunchDarkly account.
---

# launchdarkly_ip_allowlist_config (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly IP allowlist configuration resource.

> This resource allows you to manage the IP allowlist configuration for your LaunchDarkly account. There is only one configuration per account, so only a single instance of this resource should be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource allows you to manage the IP allowlist configuration for your LaunchDarkly account. There is only one configuration per account, so you should define only a single instance of this resource.
```
